# Iuatzee
A dice game of chance and a small bit of strategy

# Description
This is intended for educational purposes.  The collaborators will be exploring how one can use AI tools to expedite coding a simple game.  A potential AI prompt may be:

Develop C++ code designed to create a text based, command line driven game similar to Yatzee.  However, in this version of the code, the number of dice, the number of sides on the dice, the number of throws allowed in each turn, the potential scoring combinations, and their associated point values should be defined in a text file.  This file will be read in when the game loads and it will define the rules of the game. The code will then ask the user how many players are playing and what each of their names are. It should randomly assign the order of play, and then instruct the first player to toss the dice.  When the player tosses his/her dice, the digital dice are tossed, resulting in a number between 1 and the number of sides on the dice for each die available.
The player should then be given the option to select which dice to keep and which to re-toss.  This process should continue until the player has either used all of his/her allowed tosses or has indicated that he/she is satisfied with the current dice configuration.  The player should then be presented with the potential scoring combinations available based on the current dice configuration.  The player should select one of these scoring combinations, and the associated points should be added to his/her score.  The game should then proceed to the next player, and this process should continue until all players have had a predetermined number of turns.  At the end of the game, the player with the highest score should be declared the winner.